# Jagester-Restriction
Restricted permanently, although i'm legit.
Hello, My name is Jagester and I am from Australia, I have been playing osu! for 3 years and 6 months (made my account on the 7th of April 2015), I have a total playcount of 113065 currently and a total playtime of 1753 hours. 
Most of the time I have played osu! I was held back severely by my equipment (keyboard, mouse.). I dont quite remember what the keyboard was called but I obtained it around the end of 2015, it is a mechanical keyboard with red switches and no RGB lighting made by Cougar. With that keyboard I couldn't play hardrock because the clicks weren't precise enough and lack of accuracy would get me killed by the drain (highest accuracy i ever got with that keyboard with HR was about 94%, i used to think that i was just terrible at clicking precisely). The mouse I used was a Rival 100 from Steelseries (dont remember exactly when i obtained this mouse, although it was quite early in the years that i played.), which worked but the sensor wasnt very accurate and the mouse drifted quite a lot (meaning i couldnt just rely on my muscle memory to hit jumps or follow fast sliders). I upgraded my mouse first around early 2018 I believe, which was to the Rival 600, a much better mouse than the Rival 100, although I felt there could be improvement still, the sensor was much more accurate although not quite what I was looking for. So, at this point I was using the Cougar keyboard from late 2015 and the Rival 600 from late 2017, I had this setup up until September 2018 when I decided I wanted to upgrade my keyboard to test whether or not it would change anything (my accuracy etc, but mostly because I was sick of the Cougar keyboard.), I ended up purchasing the APEX M750 TKL with red switches. Obtaining this keyboard felt like a blessing, all of a sudden I could get 99% accuracy with HDHR, sometimes even close to an SS, I got to rank 2.5k with that old Cougar keyboard and Rival 100/Rival 600 setup in 3 years, playing just HD and HDDT getting shit accuracy (usually highest was around 96% with just HD on OD8) across the board, I would be happy if I got 97% acc on OD8. My account accuracy was something along the lines of 96.40% but when I got this new keyboard, my account accuracy ramped up to 98.8%. Since i could get such high accuracy i just played HDHR for about a week straight, mixing HDDT and sometimes if the map was too hard for HDHR then just HD, I went from pretty much spot on rank 2.5k to the top 500 in about 8-10 days. All the while I was switching out between my Rival 600 and a shitty Wacom tablet that I have, because the Rival 600 would drift to much. I decided to try and find the best mouse for me, I ended up finding a mouse called the Roccat Kova (I purchased the Roccat Kova on the 12th of October.) which much like the APEX felt like a blessing, the sensor felt more precise, it barely drifted when playing high spacing jump maps etc. So now I have the Steelseries APEX M750 TKL mechanical keyboard and the Roccat Kova, since I could click precisely it felt easier to aim a lot of things (almost as if it upgraded my hand eye coordination), and the Roccat Kova had little to none mouse drift, matched with a very precise sensor meaning I could rely on my muscle memory to hit stuff. I became very consistent now that i had upgraded my equipment not to mention I had just ordered a 500 dollar 144Hz monitor on the 25th of October, to replace my current 60Hz monitor, to see how it would affect my gameplay, which hasnt arrived yet and although I'm restricted, I am keen for its arrival.
My peak rank was 415 or 416, one of the two, I was just playing the game trying to become as good as I could get. The last time I played online was October 28th. When I woke up the next morning (29th of October) I opened my osu! profile only to see a big scary message saying "ALERT, your account has been restricted." of course I freaked out, I sent an email to osu!support questioning the restriction (because I'm legit.). I got an email back stating that its a permanent restriction and I am allowed to make an appeal in 3 months, and the reasoning for the permanent restriction is supposedly because "Your account has been observed engaging in cheating behaviour",this is simply not true, I value my account to much to throw it away by cheating. When you dump as many hours as I have into a game (I play osu! sometimes 12 hours a day, not to mention I am too much of a scaredy cat to break any rules.), it becomes much more precious, ESPECIALLY when its the only thing you do (the only reason I dont stream is Australian internet is far to terrible to have any kind of decent picture, at least my internet is.).
I am proud of all of the plays I have made! (BECAUSE I AM LEGIT)
osu! is my life, I play it every single day, I have done countless all nighters playing osu!, I enjoy playing osu!, I enjoy competition.
Just the simple fact that I know people think I cheat makes me sick to my stomach, I enjoy bettering myself to the point where I can hit these set of jumps I couldnt x amount of time ago. when you have dedicated this amount of time into something, just to get kicked in the guts when you finally start getting somewhere, is one of the worst feelings I have ever felt.
